README.md, before:

# **Sonic Nexus-RSDKv4**
A port of Sonic Nexus to RSDKv4
	
# FAQ

### Q: I found a bug!
A: Submit them under the `issues` tab and I will try to fix it.

### Q: Will there be an Android, iOS, Steam Deck, etc port?
A: Everything in this project comes as-is. If it doesn't run on a specific platform, don't get your hopes up on it being fixed.

# Credits
*	Slingerland: Director, Producer, Level Designer, Level Graphics, Concept Artist
*	The Taxman: Developer of the Retro Sonic Engine, Lead Programmer, Level and Character Graphics
*	Hunter Bridges: Composer, Programmer
*	RGXSuperSonic: Flash Animator, Artist
*	Damizean: Programmer, Level and Character Graphics
*	DimensionWarped: Programmer
*	Patrick Long ("Boz"): Concept Artist
*	The ParadoXx: Level Graphics
*	Twanvanb1: RSDKv4 Port


# Special Thanks
* [Rubberduckycooly](https://github.com/Rubberduckycooly) for making the RSDKv4 decompilation.
* Everyone in the [Retro Engine Modding Server](https://dc.railgun.works/retroengine) for being supportive of us and for giving us a place to show off these things that we've done.

# Contact:
Join the [Retro Engine Modding Discord Server](https://dc.railgun.works/retroengine) for any extra questions about this project.

Commit message:

Update README.md + started work on v5u support

README.md, after:

# **Sonic Nexus-RSDKv4**
A port of Sonic Nexus to RSDKv4

> This is made for normal RSDKv4, so I can't guarantee that it will work on RSDKv5u  
# FAQ

### Q: I found a bug!
A: Submit them under the `issues` tab and I will try to fix it.

### Q: Will there be an Android, iOS, Steam Deck, etc port?
A: Everything in this project comes as-is. If it doesn't run on a specific platform, don't get your hopes up on it being fixed.

## things that still need to be done and do.
- [ ] Add support for RSDKv5u
- [ ] Make title card function properly on steam deck aspect ratio
- [ ] Fix collision issues

# Credits
*	Slingerland: Director, Producer, Level Designer, Level Graphics, Concept Artist
*	The Taxman: Developer of the Retro Sonic Engine, Lead Programmer, Level and Character Graphics
*	Hunter Bridges: Composer, Programmer
*	RGXSuperSonic: Flash Animator, Artist
*	Damizean: Programmer, Level and Character Graphics
*	DimensionWarped: Programmer
*	Patrick Long ("Boz"): Concept Artist
*	The ParadoXx: Level Graphics
*	Twanvanb1: RSDKv4 Port


# Special Thanks
* [Rubberduckycooly](https://github.com/Rubberduckycooly) for making the RSDKv4 decompilation.
* Everyone in the [Retro Engine Modding Server](https://dc.railgun.works/retroengine) for being supportive of us and for giving us a place to show off these things that we've done.

# Contact:
Join the [Retro Engine Modding Discord Server](https://dc.railgun.works/retroengine) for any extra questions about this project.
